Runtime 6.7.0 release notes (#2938)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-release-notes.md

- Upgraded `astronomer-providers` to 1.11.2, which includes a collection of bug fixes. See the [`astronomer-providers` changelog](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers/blob/main/CHANGELOG.rst#1112-2022-11-19). 
- Upgraded `openlineage-airflow` to 0.17.0, which includes improvements to the OpenLineage spark integration and additional facets for the OpenLineage Python client. See the [OpenLineage changelog](https://github.com/OpenLineage/OpenLineage/releases/tag/0.17.0) for more information.  

## Astro Runtime 6.7.0

- Release date: October 12, 2023
- Airflow version: 2.4.3

### Airflow bug fixes

> - Fix bug when updating dagrun state for paused DAGs
> - Fix permissons for triggerer, datasets, and deleting DAGs on Astro with a non-Admin user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug when updating DagRun state for paused DAGs
- Fixed permissions for triggerer, datasets, and deleting DAGs on Astro with a non-Admin user
```

### Additional Improvements

- Upgraded `openlineage-airflow` to 1.4.1. See the [OpenLineage changelog](https://github.com/OpenLineage/OpenLineage/releases/tag/1.4.1) for a complete list of changes.

> - Upgraded many OSS provider to newer minor and patch versions.

Author: ```suggestion
- Upgraded many OSS providers to newer minor and patch versions.
```

> - Upgraded many OSS providers to newer minor and patch versions.

Author: No, not today. And there really are many:
https://github.com/astronomer/astro-runtime/pull/973/files#diff-99dbb60831c5f2d75e8b3e263e04cedbaa19119467b77c7dc0c66a410f7ef6c9
